Improved use case clarification for API TOKENS (#1652)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/dev-docs/configurations/api-tokens.md

Authentication strategies in Strapi can either be based on the use of the [Users & Permissions plugin](/user-docs/users-roles-permissions) or on the built-in API token feature.

Using API tokens allows executing a request on [REST API](/dev-docs/api/rest) or [GraphQL API](/dev-docs/api/graphql) endpoints as an authenticated user. 

> It is **useful when you want to give access to people or applications without managing a user account or changing anything in the user roles and permission.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using API tokens can be useful to give access to people or applications without managing a user account or changing anything in the Users & Permissions plugin.
```
